1. General Disclaimer

All content and services accessible through this device belong to third parties and may be 
protected by copyright, patent, trademark and/or other intellectual property laws. Such content 
and services are provided solely for your personal noncommercial use. You may not use any 
content or services in a manner that has not been authorized by the content owner or service 
provider. Without limiting the foregoing, except as expressly permitted by this Disclaimer and 
except to the extent that applicable laws prevent Samsung from restraining you from doing so, 
unless expressly authorized by the applicable content owner or service provider, you may not 
modify, copy, republish, upload, post, transmit, translate, sell, create derivative works, exploit, or 
distribute in any manner or medium any content or services displayed through this device.

The country location you have identified during the set-up process may grant you access to 
hyperlinks to third party content, advertising and services. The third party content and linked 
sites are not under our control, and we have neither reviewed the contents of these third-party 
web sites, nor are we responsible for the access to, maintenance, content or suitability of, these 
third-party web sites. You expressly acknowledge and agree that the identification of your 
country location and your linking to any third party site is entirely at your own risk, and it is your 
responsibility to view and abide by the terms of use and privacy policies posted on any third 
party site.

Third party services may be changed, suspended, removed, terminated or interrupted, or access 
may be denied or disabled at any time, without notice, and Samsung cannot control that any 
content or service will remain available for any period of time. Content and services are 
transmitted by third parties by means of networks and transmission facilities over which 
Samsung has no control. Without limiting the generality of this disclaimer, and to the extent 
permitted by law, Samsung expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability for any change, 
interruption, disabling, removal or suspension of any third party content or third party service 
made available through this device. Samsung may on reasonable grounds impose limits on the 
use of, or access to, certain services or content.

Samsung is neither responsible nor liable for customer service related to the third party content 
and third party services. Any question or request for service relating to the content or services 
should be made directly to the respective content and service providers.



END USER TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR APPLICATIONS

Welcome to Samsung Service ("Samsung Service"). By downloading and installing the embeddable 
and executable software application ("Application"), and using the functions and services 
("Services"), and/or accessing and displaying the contents ("Contents") through the Application 
on your device, you are legally bound to the Terms and Conditions of Use below.


DEFINITION

"Content" refers to all audio and visual elements and ideas offered by Samsung or third parties 
not affiliated with Samsung including but not limited to movies, videos, software, games, 
designs, likenesses, artwork, images, music, and information, tangible and intangible, including 
derivative works, on all media and formats, existing or future. "Service" refers to all types of 
services typically available from the internet, offered by Samsung or third parties not affiliated 
with Samsung including but not limited to provisions of music, movie, messaging, information, 
procurement, disposal, sale, purchase, rental and consultation. From time to time, Samsung may 
directly offer and make available to you certain Services and/or Contents, and in such events, 
your use of such Services and Contents shall be subject to these Terms and Conditions. 
Contents and Services may be prepared and established locally subject to local laws and 
regulations, and depending on your residence and location, you will be limited to types and levels 
of Contents and Services. Terms and conditions for the use of the Application may differ for 
each different country, region or market subject to relevant local, country and regional laws.


USE OF APPLICATION

The Application is intended for use by persons 13 years of age or older. If you are not at least 13 
years of age or older or are legally, or otherwise, restricted from using Samsung Service, please 
discontinue using the Application. If you are not 18 years or age older, you must have a parent or 
guardian's approval prior to using the Application. By using the Application and accepting these 
Terms and Conditions, you are certifying that you are at least 13 years of age, have parental 
consent if you are between 13 and 18, and are otherwise not restricted from agreeing to these 
Terms and Conditions.

The use of the Application and its Content and Services are restricted to only personal, non-
commercial purposes. No other uses are permitted.

Access to the Application's Content and/or Service, online or otherwise, may require 
registration, the creation of a user account, and/or a fee. Registration may require providing 
personal information and choosing a unique, secret password that may not be shared with 
others. Any personal information provided by you will be handled in accordance with our Privacy 
Policy. Your personal information must be complete, accurate, and must be YOURS. You shall 
not use any third party personal information to create an account in connection with the use of 
the Application, and you are not allowed to access others' accounts. SAMSUNG RESERVES THE 
RIGHT TO BLOCK ANY USER ACCOUNT IN THE EVENT SAMSUNG RESONABLY DETERMINES 
THAT THE USE OF THE APPLICATION IS IN VIOLATION OF THESE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS, INCLUDING CREATING ACCOUNTS WITH FALSE INFORMATION. Content and 
Service offered through the Application that require a fee may not be accessed by persons who 
have not paid the appropriate fee. In the event that registration, creation of a user account, 
and/or a fee is required for the Service or Content offered or provided by third party providers, 
such registration, creation of a user account, and/or a fee shall be subject to policies, terms and 
conditions of the Services and/or Contents of such third parties.

SPECIFIC USE OF APPLICATION THROUGH SAMSUNG APPS

Access to certain Application's Content and/or Service at Samsung Apps may require registration 
and creation of a user account and/or a fee. Such registration, creation of a user account and 
payment of a fee may be completed on a webpage run by a third party (including a payment 
gateway provider). Such registration may require providing personal information to such third 
party and choosing a unique, secret password that may not be shared with others. In the event 
that registration, creation of a user account, and/or a fee on such third party webpage is 
required for the Service or Content offered or provided through Samsung Apps, such 
registration, creation of a user account, and/or a fee shall be subject to policies, terms and 
conditions of the Services and/or Contents of such third parties.


RESTRICTIONS AND PROHIBITIONS

You or any third party directed by You may not display, copy, store, modify, sell, publish or 
redistribute any Application, Content and/or Service (a portion or in its entirety), and such 
displaying, copying, storing, modification, sale, publishing or redistribution shall be prohibited 
unless you have obtained all necessary rights and permissions from Samsung or relevant owners 
or right holders of such Content and/or Service. Unauthorized use of the Application or its 
Content and Service is prohibited and may result in criminal prosecution and/or civil liability.
You may not use the Application for any other purposes, including but not limited to illegal 
purposes, to make unsolicited offers or advertisements, to impersonate or falsely claim 
affiliation with any person or entity, to misrepresent, harass, defraud or defame others, to post 
obscene or unreasonably offensive material, to negatively present the Application, nor for any 
commercial purposes. Except as expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions, and except 
to the extent that applicable laws prevent Samsung from restraining you from doing so, you are 
not allowed to disassemble, reverse engineer, tamper with the Application, or transmit malicious 
code or to collect information of other users through the Application. You may not take any 
action to interrupt the functionality of or tamper with the Content or Service contained in or 
provided through Samsung Service or its servers or to unreasonably affect others' enjoyment of 
Samsung Service in any way.



GRANT OF LICENSE

Subject to your full compliance with these Terms and Conditions, Samsung grants you a non-
exclusive, limited licence to download and use the Application to display, receive or otherwise use 
(only to the extent permitted) the Content and Service from your device only. No other rights to 
the Application are granted. The scope of rights for Content and Service shall be subject to the 
terms and conditions of the respective Content and Service and other licensing requirements and 
restrictions otherwise imposed or required by the relevant Content and Service providers. All 
rights including intellectual property rights in the Application, Content and Service remain the 
property of Samsung or the relevant licensors or owners of the Content and Service.




WARRANTIES

Samsung cannot control any third party Content or Service that may be accessed through the 
Application, nor can Samsung prevent malicious code contained on or distributed through the 
Application by third parties. Samsung cannot prevent interruptions, delays or inaccuracies in the 
Content or Service provided by third parties and cannot guarantee the continued availability of 
such Content and Service. Samsung does not endorse any of the ideas, products, persons, or 
opinions expressed in the Content or Service.
If any of the terms are illegal or unenforceable or there is a claim that we have breached any of 
these terms, it does not affect or invalidate the other terms. These rights or terms may not be 
waived without written consent from Samsung.



GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Korea.