Samsung Service privacy policy

Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. ("Samsung") is committed to protecting the online privacy of 
visitors, users and customers of our application service. The privacy policy set forth below 
(the "Privacy Policy") applies only to online services provided by Samsung (collectively, 
"Samsung Service"). The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about the types of 
information we gather about you when you visit or submit information to Samsung Service, 
how we may use that information, and if and how we disclose it to third parties. This Privacy 
Policy does not apply to personal information that you provide directly to third parties 
whose services or content you access via Samsung Service. You should check the 
applicable privacy policy of any third party service providers whose service or content you 
access.

Samsung Service is controlled and operated by Samsung from the Republic of Korea, and is 
not intended to subject Samsung or any of Samsung's Affiliated Entities to the laws or 
jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the Republic of Korea. To 
the extent permitted by law, Samsung does not represent or warrant that Samsung 
Service, or any part thereof, is appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. 
Those who choose to access Samsung Service do so on their own initiative and at their 
own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations.

All users of Samsung Service are required to provide true, current, complete and accurate 
personal information when prompted and we will reject and delete any entry that we 
believe in good faith to be incorrect, false, falsified, or fraudulent, or inconsistent with or in 
violation of the Privacy Policy.

We will provide you with an opportunity to give your consent to the terms of this Privacy 
Policy as part of the Samsung Service. Separate from such consent, your use or 
participation in Samsung Service will be construed as your acceptance of the Privacy Policy 
and of our collection, use, disclosure, transfer, management and storage of your personal 
information as described below. We may, from time to time, transfer or merge any personal 
information collected off-line to our online databases or store off-line information in an 
electronic format. We may also combine personal information we collect online with 
information available from other sources, including information received from our Affiliates, 
marketing companies, or Advertisers. This Privacy Policy covers all such personal 
information and will remain in full force and effect as long as you are a user of Samsung 
Service, even if your use of or participation in any particular service, feature, function or 
promotional activity terminates, expires, ceases, is suspended or deactivated for any 
reason.



1. INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT

Personal Information

At various locations on Samsung Service, such as in registration forms, surveys, and polls, 
we may request that you supply us with "personal" information, such as your name, e-mail 
address, mailing address, home or work telephone number. You will hopefully know when 
we are collecting personal information, because We attempt to collect personal information 
only when you voluntarily submit it to us through our online forms and questionnaires or 
through other offline means. Although you do not have to provide us with any information 
to use Samsung Service, you may not be able to fully utilize all of the services on Samsung 
Service if you choose not to provide certain information. If you do choose to give us 
personal information through Samsung Service, we will collect and retain that information 
in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Non-Personal Information

When you use Samsung Service, we may also collect "non-personal" information. We 
consider "non-personal information" to be information that, by itself, cannot be used to 
identify or contact you personally, such as demographic information (your age, gender, 
education, profession, zip code, etc.). Non-personal information may also include technical 
information, such as your IP address and other anonymous data involving your use of 
Samsung Service. Non-personal information may also include information that you provide 
us through your use of Samsung Service, such as the terms you enter into the search 
functions of Samsung Service. We reserve the right to use or disclose non-personal 
information pursuant to this Privacy Policy.



2. USE OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT

Our Services

We use your personal information to provide you with any services that you may request or 
require, to communicate with you and to allow you to participate in online surveys. We use 
aggregated non-personal information about our users to understand our website's 
demographics, such as the percentage of male and female users, the geographic 
distribution of our users, the age ranges of our users, a combination of these and/or other 
demographics. We may also use the personal or non-personal information we collect to 
analyze how Samsung Service is being used, and to improve the content of Samsung 
Service, and for marketing and promotional efforts, including direct marketing, so that we 
or any of our related companies can send you information about products and services 
which we believe may be of interest to you.
E-mail Communications

If you send us an e-mail with questions or comments, we may use your personal information 
to respond to your questions or comments, and we may save your questions or comments 
for future reference. However, aside from our reply to such an e-mail, it is not our standard 
practice to send you e-mail unless you request a particular service that involves e-mail 
communications, you otherwise consent to being contacted by e-mail, and to send you 
(either ourselves or a related company) information about products and services which we 
believe may be of interest to you. You will have the opportunity to subscribe to an 
electronic newsletter that will send information about Samsung Service or our advertisers 
to your e-mail address. However, we will provide you with the option to change your 
preferences and opt-out of receiving those communications.


3. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES

Aggregate Information

Except as specifically set forth in this Privacy Policy, we do not share your personal 
information with any non-affiliated third party without your permission. We may disclose 
aggregate information, such as demographic information, and our statistical analyses to 
third parties, including advertisers or other business partners. This aggregate information 
does not include your personal information.

Co-Branded Services and Features

Samsung Service may also offer co-branded services and features, such as events and/or 
promotions that we put together with another company or with our Affiliates ("Co-
Branded Partner"). Such services and features may be hosted on Samsung Service and/or 
on our Co-Branded Partner's website. We may share your personal information with our Co-
Branded Partner and your voluntary use of, or participation in, a co-branded service or 
feature means that you opt-in and give your affirmative consent to both Samsung Service 
and our Co-Branded Partner to collect and use your personal information provided during 
the registration process and/or in connection with the specific co-branded feature or 
service for the fulfilment of the feature or service and for marketing or administrative 
purposes. If you wish to opt-out of a Co-Branded Partner's future use of your personal 
information for marketing purposes, you will need to contact the Co-Branded Partner 
directly.

Service Providers

We sometimes engage unaffiliated businesses to assist us in providing you certain 
services. For example, we may use third parties (including a payment gateway service 
provider) to provide advertising, marketing and promotional assistance, provide e-mail 
services, or facilitate our online services. In those instances, we may need to share your 
personal information with them. We require these companies to use your personal 
information only to provide the particular product or service and do not authorize them to 
use your personal information for any other reason.

We sometimes offer promotions in conjunction with a third party sponsor. If you choose to 
participate in one of those promotions, we may share your information with the sponsor if 
they need it to send you a product or other special promotion they offer.

Business Transactions Involving Samsung Service
As Samsung Service continues to develop, we may engage in commercial transactions 
such as buying, selling or combination of such with other businesses. If so, personal and 
non-personal information that we or other businesses have collected will likely be 
transferred as part of the transaction. If we engage in such a business, we will attempt to 
ensure that requests made to us regarding e-mail communications will be honored by 
relevant third parties.

Third Party Advertisers

We may use third-party advertising companies to deliver specific advertisements to you. 
These companies would collect non-personal information about your visits to Samsung 
Service in order to provide advertisements about products and services that may be of 
interest to you. These companies may also aggregate your non-personal information for 
use in targeted advertising, marketing research, and other similar purposes. These 
companies may place their own cookies on your computer. If you want to prevent a third-
party advertiser from collecting and using this information, you may visit each third-party 
advertiser's website directly and opt-out.

Other Disclosures

We may disclose personal information when we are required or requested to do so by law, 
court order or other government or law enforcement authority or regulatory agency; to 
enforce or apply our rights and agreements; or when we believe in good faith that 
disclosing this information is necessary or advisable, including, for example, to protect the 
rights, property, or safety of Samsung Service and Samsung, our users, or others.

4. CHILDREN

Samsung Service is not designed for use by children without their parent's supervision. We 
ask that anyone under the age of thirteen not submit any personal information through 
Samsung Service. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children 
under the age of thirteen, and therefore we do not knowingly distribute such information 
to third parties.

5. SECURITY OF THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT

The security of your personal information is important to us. We maintain physical, 
electronic, and procedural safeguards to secure your personal information. However, there 
is always some risk in transmitting information electronically. The personal information we 
collect is stored within databases that we control. As we deem appropriate, we use 
security measures consistent with industry standards, such as firewalls and encryption 
technology, to protect your information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of our 
databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while 
being transmitted to us over the Internet.
6. CHAT ROOMS AND OTHER PUBLIC AREAS

We may offer chat, user reviews, bulletin boards, or other public functions and any posting 
by you is considered public information available to other users. Any posting is governed by 
Samsung Service's End User Terms and Conditions for Applications. You should take care 
to not use personal information in your screen name or other information that might be 
publicly available to other users.

Archived Information.

We maintain archives of its web logs, database, and other systems and information. Please 
note that it is possible some of this information may remain archived after we delete the 
information from its active database. We maintain archives for disaster recovery, legal and 
other non-marketing purposes.
7. CONTESTS AND SWEEPSTAKES

Registration may not always be required to enter promotions such as contests and 
sweepstakes on Samsung Service. These may have a separate registration or entry 
process and may require your submission of personal information such as your first and last 
name, street address, city, state and zip code, e-mail address, telephone number and date 
of birth. The entry page and/or Rules will provide the specific requirements for the 
promotion involved. You may also have the opportunity to opt-in to special offers from our 
advertisers in connection with many of these types of promotions.

8. USER VIDEO UPLOAD

Registered users that participate by submitting content to us agree to have certain 
personal information posted on Samsung Service and on any platform on which we operate 
or provide services, or, if such feature is offered in connection with a Co-Branded Partner, 
on our Co-Branded Partner's website in connection with the display of the user's video. 
Registered users that upload videos may also be required to submit additional personal 
information.

9. TRANSFER OF INFORMATION

We will transfer and store personal information you provide to us via the Samsung Service 
on servers located in Germany and the United States. We may also transfer personal 
information we collect from you to the Republic of Korea or to other countries outside of 
your jurisdiction to our related companies or to the third parties referred to in this Privacy 
Policy. By providing your personal information to us, you consent to us transferring your 
information outside of your jurisdiction.

10. ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT

Any questions you may have regarding this Privacy Policy, the accuracy of your personal 
information or the use of your personal information, or any requests to access your 
information or that we correct, update, or remove your information in our databases, should 
be directed via e-mail to intertv@samsung.com, or via regular mail to:

Samsung Service
SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS, CO., LTD.
416 Maetan-3Dong,
Yeongtong-Gu, Suwon-City,
Gyeonggi-Do, Korea 443-742
Attn: Privacy Policy Department

After receiving a request to change your information, we will make reasonable efforts to 
ensure that all of your personal information stored in databases we actively use to operate 
Samsung Service will be updated, corrected, changed or deleted, as appropriate, as soon 
as reasonably practicable.

However, we reserve the right to retain in our archival files any information removed from, 
or changed in, our active Samsung Service databases. We may retain such information to 
resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our End User Terms and Conditions 
for the Application. In addition, it is not technologically possible to remove each and every 
record of the information you have provided to us. A copy of your personal information may 
exist in a non-erasable form that will be difficult or impossible for us to locate.

This Privacy Policy is effective as of March 03, 2010, and complies with Samsung's Corporate 
Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, and will post 
any material changes to this Privacy Policy as soon as they go into effect. Please refer back 
to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis.